my earliest memory my mother works in
our Chocolate Factory
I was very young and I always remember
waiting for her to come home with this
tree and they were really yeah that was
that was really really early memories
and then another one would actually be
about dancing being at this would have
my dad's gym aid from friends parties
and being in the circle and then that
wild part you know to be throwing down
so their early memories him if I could
dance with anyone from the present or in
history it would probably be Josephine
Baker in Paris circa 1930 after doing a
brief tour of the Cotton Club with Duke
Ellington Orchestra
my biggest indulgence would probably be
watching football I think whenever I can
sort of big things mounting up and I'll
just slip off and put on again
that would be my biggest indulgence but
if my wife's watching it would be
cooking if I was invisible for the day
wow that's a very good question
I jokingly said I'd stay in bed but
quite the reverse I think I were there I
think I would jump on buses and stop
drivers running off and people are
running for them you know just take the
key out until the person caught the bus
I did that things like that
well I do panto every year and I've
gotta say my fancy just I do enjoy being
a dame so there you go I've said it